Update contributing file (#2)
pxblue/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Code of Conduct

PX Blue has adopted the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) as its Code of Conduct, and we expect project participants to adhere to it.
Please read [the document](https://github.com/pxblue/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) so that you can understand what will and will not be tolerated.

## Contributions

There are many ways to contribute to PX Blue and code contribution is one aspect of it. Documentation improvements are as important as code changes.

- Reporting and fixing bugs, adding features, and improving our documentation.
- Add new code examples or new component.
- Help translate and update API documentation.

## Your first Pull Request

If you decide to fix an issue, please check the comments in the issues section on the repository in case somebody is working on a fix. If nobody is working on it, please leave a comment stating that you have started to work on it so other people don’t accidentally duplicate your effort. If you decide to fix an issue that has not been logged, please log the issue first.

## Branch Naming and Pull Request Workflow

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have an established convention for branch naming and commit messages following the rules below. We ask that you also adhere to these rules to maximize the likelihood of your submission being accepted.

>**Pro Tip:** to automatically enforce these conventions, you can use our [git hooks](https://github.com/pxblue/.github/tree/master/hooks) configuration.
```

### Branch Naming Conventions:

Prefixed with feature or bug and use dashes as the delimiter.
Only use lowercase in branch names.

> Be accurate as possible in branch naming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Branch names should:
- be prefixed with `feature/` or `bug/` depending on what you're working on
- use only lowercase alphanumeric characters
- use dashes as the word separator (no spaces or underscores)
- be concise but descriptive
```

```
feature/my-topic-branch or bug/fix-topic-branch
```

### Commit Message Conventions:

Capitalize the subject line and do not end the subject with a period.

> Use the imperative mood in the subject line. `This commit will <your commit message>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit messages should:

- capitalize the subject line
- **not** end the subject with a period
- use the imperative mood in the subject line, e.g., `Add capability X` instead of `Added capability X`
- be concise but descriptive
```

### Pull Request:

- Bug branch pull request description will reference the issue# fixed.
- Feature branch pull request description will explain what the feature is and changes proposed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests should:

- Have a clear and descriptive title
- Adhere to the PX Blue Pull Request template
- Reference any issue(s) that are fixed (i.e., 'Fixes #XX')
- Briefly describe at a high level what is being proposed
- Use a bulleted list to highlight the key changes/additions

```

## Sending a Pull Request

> PX Blue is a community with many projects, so pull requests are always welcome. If you are working on a complete change, please open an issue first to discuss it with the maintainers of PX Blue. Keep pull requests small to have the best chance of getting accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PX Blue is a community with many projects, so pull requests are always welcome. If you are planning to work on something, please open an issue first (bug or feature request) to discuss it with the maintainers of PX Blue. Keep pull requests small to have the best chance of getting accepted. Several small pull requests are easier to review than one large one.
```

```
Don't bundle more than one feature or bug fix per pull request.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Pro Tip:**: Don't bundle more than one feature or bug fix per pull request.
```

## Get started

> 1. Fork the PX Blue repository to your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the relevant PX Blue repository to your GitHub account.
```

2. Clone the fork repository to your local machine and add upstream remote:

```
git clone https://github.com/<your-user-id>/<repository> -b <branch-name>
cd <repository>
git remote add upstream https://github.com/pxblue/<repository-name>
```

3. Synchronize your local branch with the upstream one:

```
git pull upstream <branch>
```

4. Install the dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

5. Create a new branch:

```
git checkout -b feature/my-topic-branch
Or
git checkout -b bug/my-topic-branch

> ```

Reviewer: split into two separate codeblocks with 'or' (lowercase) between (not in code block)

6. Make changes, commit and push to your fork:

```

> git push –set upstream origin <your branch name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git push –set-upstream origin <your branch name>
```

```

> 

Reviewer: Do we want to add a step here to tell them to lint/prettier their code and make sure all of the tests pass?

Reviewer: They should probably know to do this before they get to the PR stage and have their PR rejected

> 7. Go to [the repository](https://github.com/pxblue) and make a Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Go to the proper [PX Blue repository](https://github.com/pxblue) and make a Pull Request.
```

> The maintainers of PX Blue will be notified and will review your pull request and either merge it, request changes to it or close it with an explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maintainers of PX Blue will be notified and will review your pull request and either merge it, request changes to it, or close it with an explanation.
```

### How to increase the chance of Pull Requests being accepted

> Because we will only merge Pull Request for which all tests pass. The following items also need to be checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests will only be accepted if they pass the following mandatory checks:
```

> - If TypeScript declarations were changed, `yarn typescript`

Reviewer: what does this do?

- The code is formatted `yarn prettier`
- The code is linted `yarn lint`
- The code builds `yarn build`
- The code passes tests `yarn test`

> - The Branch, Commit Message and Pull Request follows our pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the code is formatted via `yarn prettier` with the [PX Blue prettier](https://github.com/pxblue/code-standards/tree/dev/prettier-config) configuration
- the code is linted via `yarn lint` using the [PX Blue ESLint](https://github.com/pxblue/code-standards/tree/dev/eslint-config) configuration
- the code builds successfully via `yarn build` (where appropriate).
- the code passes all tests via `yarn test` (some repositories include additional tests that must also pass).
- the branch name, commit messages, and pull request formats adhere to the requirements described above.
```
> **Pro Tip:** Keep your Pull Requests small to minimize the chances of breaking tests.

### Verify the following:

- The branch is targeted at `master` for ongoing development. We do our best to keep `master` clean with all tests passing. Code that lands in `master` must be compatible with the latest stable code. It may contain additional features, but no breaking changes. We should be able to release a new minor version from the tip of `master` at any time.
- If a feature is being added:

  - Explain why the feature needs to be added.

- When adding new features or modifying existing, please include tests to confirm the new behavior.

> - If props were added or prop types were changed, the TypeScript declarations are updated.

Reviewer: This is not quite true for us. Our master branch represents code that has been released. dev is the one that more closely matches what is described here (latest updates and features, ready to release at a moments notice).

## Contribution Prerequisites

- Node v10.17.0+
- Yarn v1.17.0+

> - Latest PX Blue NPM packages installed.

Reviewer: Is this necessary here? Presumably any repository that uses PX Blue packages already has them in the yarn lock.
Maybe we just say if you use any packages, make sure they are the latest version

## Get support from PX Blue

`TO-DO`
github.com/pxblue/.github/blob/master/SUPPORT.md

> 

Reviewer: Can we just link to the contact us page on gitub.io?

## Roadmap

Want to know where PX Blue is heading or ideas on where you could contribute, take a look at the [roadmap](https://pxblue.github.io/roadmap/).

## License

> By contributing to the PX Blue GitHub Organization, you agree to license your contribution under the MIT license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to the PX Blue GitHub organization, you agree to license your contribution under the BSD-3-Clause license.
```
